\input texinfo   @c -*- texinfo; coding: utf-8 -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename company.info
@settitle Company Mode User's Manual
@set VERSION 0.9.13
@set UPDATED September 2021
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentenlanguage en
@include docstyle.texi
@c %**end of header

@copying
This file documents Company mode (version @value{VERSION} from
@value{UPDATED}), a modular text completion framework for GNU Emacs.

Copyright @copyright{} 2021 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License.''
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs misc features
@direntry
* Company: (company).           A modular text completion framework.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Company Mode User's Manual
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION} from @value{UPDATED}
@author Y. E. @i{yet@@ego.team}
@author Dmitry Gutov @i{dgutov@@yandex.ru}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top GNU Company
@end ifnottex

Company mode is an Emacs minor mode for retrieving and displaying text
completions.  Company consists of two significant parts: modular backends and
frontends.  The backends are responsible for retrieving completion candidates,
which then outputted by the frontends.  The user can modify the sets and
behavior of backends and frontends.  It is typical to use not only native
backends provided with the Company package but also third-party backends.

@ifnotex
@insertcopying

@menu
* Getting Started::             Quick Start Guide
* Customization::               User Options
* Frontends::                   How to Use Frontends
* Completion Candidates::       Search, Filter, and Transform Candidates
* Backends::                    Backends Usage
* Mode Line::                   Mode Line Indicators
* Use Cases::                   Example Setups
* Troubleshooting::             When Something Goes Wrong
* GNU Free Documentation License::
* Index::
@end menu
@end ifnottexn

@node Getting Started
@section Getting Started

To use Company, activate the minor-mode @code{company-mode}.
Use the command @kbd{company-mode} to toggle it on and off.
Let's illustrate Forms mode with an example.  The
mode line should indicate its presence via an indicator (@pxref{Mode
line status}).

@node Customization

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include doclicense.texi

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
